image/bmp bm bmp
image/cis-cod cod
image/cmu-raster ras rast
image/fif fif
image/florian flo turbot
image/g3fax g3
image/gif gif
image/ief ief iefs
image/jpeg jfif jfif-tbnl jpe jpeg jpg
image/jutvision jut
image/naplps nap naplps
image/pict pic pict
image/pjpeg jfif jpe jpeg jpg
image/png png x-png
image/svg+xml svg
image/tiff tif tiff
image/vasa mcf
image/vnddwg dwg dxf svf
image/vndfpx fpx
image/vndnet-fpx fpx
image/vndrn-realflash rf
image/vndrn-realpix rp
image/vndwapwbmp wbmp
image/vndxiff xif
image/xbm xbm
image/x-cmu-raster ras
image/x-cmx cmx
image/x-dwg dwg dxf svf
image/x-icon ico
image/x-jg art
image/x-jps jps
image/x-niff nif niff
image/x-pcx pcx
image/x-pict pct
image/xpm xpm
image/x-png png
image/x-portable-anymap pnm
image/x-portable-bitmap pbm
image/x-portable-graymap pgm
image/x-portable-greymap pgm
image/x-portable-pixmap ppm
image/x-quicktime qif qti qtif
image/x-rgb rgb
image/x-tiff tif tiff
image/x-windows-bmp bmp
image/x-xbitmap xbm
image/x-xbm xbm
image/x-xpixmap pm xpm
image/x-xpixmap xpm
image/x-xwd xwd
image/x-xwindowdump xwd
